Update medical/dental benefit plan details (#34)
parallel-markets/handbook: benefits/index.md

Parallel's medical, dental and vision plans all fall under the Aetna umbrella. Typically, coverage will be available beginning on the first of the month, following your hire date. Details regarding each of these plans follows.

### Medical Plan Details

> Currently, Parallel offers medical benefits under four different Aetna plans that each include an option to cover dependents and spouses (all details can be found [here][1]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Parallel offers medical benefits under four different Aetna plans that each include an option to cover your spouse and dependents (all details can be found [here][1]).
```
🤷
